- [Interviewer] Cheryl and
Sam, we're here in Los Angeles.
You've been living
outside for far too long,
tell me about it.
- Well, you start first.
- No, go ahead.
- No, I just feel like they're not right
with the homeless because
they don't give us opportunity
for bathrooms, and the don't
give us the opportunity
for certain things that we really need,
like necessities and all that stuff.
So I feel like it's wrong in some ways.
- [Interviewer] How long
have you been out here?
- I've been out here for almost a year.
- [Interviewer] And you Sam?
- I've been out here two
years, and I turned homeless
because I went through a bad divorce.
And since I can't pay for my housing,
so I stay at Path, but I
stay with her out here.
I should be getting my
apartment though by August.
As far as for her, she
hasn't got the assistance
that she needs.
- And I feel like we should have showers,
opportunity for showers and stuff.
- [Interviewer] So why
are you getting help, Sam,
and Cheryl isn't?
- Well that is a question
that I can't really answer,
but I feel that she has been
kind of discriminated in a way
because they won't accept her some places.
Even though she been, I don't
want to talk about it that...
She's a victim of some crime.
- I'm a rape victim.
- [Interviewer] She was
telling me domestic violence,
but you're safe now. And
you got Sam protecting you.
- Yeah, I got Sam protecting
me, so I feel better now.
- [Interviewer] 'Cause
otherwise I wouldn't do
a domestic violence story,
unless you know you're safe.
- Yeah, I'm safe now.
- [Interviewer] So how
do you survive out here?
- It's kinda hard, it's
hard really for us.
We just try to make it
the best way we can.
We get up in the morning,
try to eat breakfast,
and then try to go take
a shower in the evening.
But we have to find places
where we take showers at,
that's what really bugs
me, and the bathroom part.
But we don't have bathrooms.
And we don't have a trash.
They expect us to throw our trash,
but where we gonna throw it out,
we don't have no dumpsters.
So, there's a lot of
things that we need still.
That I think they don't benefit us.
They just put us down.
- [Interviewer] What would you want people
to know about homelessness
that they don't know?
- What would I want them to know...
They don't know how it is to be homeless
unless they've been there, so...
- I mean I've always had
money, I've always had work
Before, I used to down
look at homeless people.
I said, "You look at them, they're crazy."
Because I had money, I had
a bank account of $40,000.
And that was the lowest I had.
And now, I don't have a single penny,
and I live this style, and we're human.
We're homeless, and other people treat us
like we're not human.
People with money, they down look at you.
- We try to survive.
- It could happen to them too.
In my story, I lost everything
because my wife took everything.
She took the house.
I owe child support,
which is something that is my
obligation, my responsibility.
But I can't pay for my rent,
you know what I'm saying?
'Cause I have eight kids. Seven kids.
Long story short, I do need
assistance by the government,
but they won't give it.
They say you need a job.
Even if I get a job, I still
ain't gonna be able to pay
for my apartment with all those kids.
I know they're my obligation,
my kids, but there needs
to be more funds to help
people that are in need.
- It's hard for homeless. It's hard us.
- [Interviewer] So what is
homeless like in Los Angeles?
- I think it's hard.
I think it's like, there's
not very many people
that are giving, and it's
hard to make a dollar here.
Well we go hustling cans
and stuff, but it's hard,
a lot of people don't want to give.
I don't know, I think it's hard.
- [Interviewer] Do you see
homeless numbers growing?
- Yeah, I see more homeless
people than I see...
Yeah, everywhere.
- [Interviewer] Sam, you're
going to be in housing soon,
then what?
- Then I get overnight
business for my children.
- [Interviewer] You glow when
you talk about your children.
- That's...yeah.
- He's fighting for his
children. Mine are grown.
- [Interviewer] So
what's your future like?
- My future? Well, us, as
together? I don't know.
- Hopefully we stay together.
- We argue like cats and dogs,
but we're always together.
- We're trying to work together.
Being homeless is a struggle,
because not having bathrooms,
I blame him for a lot of stuff.
Not having a bathroom,
not having a trash can,
not having a shower.
- [Interviewer] Take
the stress out on him?
- Yeah I get stressed out,
just not taking a shower.
- [Interviewer] I'll pray for you, Sam.
- So, I wish they would
give us an opportunity,
the homeless people, to have
a bathroom and a shower.
- [Interviewer] Good hygiene?
- Yeah, that's it.
- [Interviewer] Well,
if you had three wishes,
what would they be?
- If I had three wishes?
Mine would be a bathroom.
- [Interviewer] I had a feeling
that was going to be yours,
a bathroom and a shower.
- She'd be there all day 'cause,
when we go to the public
one man, she takes forever.
And when I get in, I bust straight out.
- [Interviewer] Just like
relationships in a house.
- I would like to start working
so I can get back on my feet.
Get a job, you know? I do need a job.
And see my kids more often.
- And one thing I don't like,
when they tell us we gotta
get up and get our stuff and get out.
They only give us 15 minutes,
and I feel like that's wrong.
- [Interviewer] Where at?
- When the law comes
in. What's that called?
- [Interviewer] Oh, they make
you, when they're cleaning
or something?
- When they're cleaning
they make us leave.
- [Interviewer] They
only give you 15 minutes
to move your stuff?
- Yeah they only give us 15
minutes to move our stuff.
I feel like we lose a lot of,
they throw everything
away of our belongings.
That's wrong. They're
not supposed to do that,
but they come and do it anyways.
- I feel like they should make a facility,
where you can put your tents, but it has,
of course, rules that
you have to have agreed.
- [Interviewer] Sanction tanks.
- And whoever starts trying
to fight or something,
you're out, like security.
- [Interviewer] Other cities have them.
- They should have a tent city.
Because not everyone has money.
- [Interviewer] This is affordable housing
in Los Angeles anymore.
- Sometimes they get our
stuff without us knowing,
and they dump it.
When we're not here.
And I feel that's wrong.
- [Interviewer] Well, thank
you very much for talking me,
it was an honor to meet you both.
- Okay, thank you.
(light, jazzy music)